SPA updates /8 (#28345)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/client-side/spa/intro.md

  :::code language="javascript" source="~/client-side/spa/intro/samples/setupProxy.js" highlight="4-5":::

## Supported SPA framework version in ASP.NET Core SPA templates

> Each ASP.NET Core release includes the latest supported SPA framework with the SPA templates. Each .NET release is defined as either [Standard Term Support (STS) or Long Term Support (LTS)](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/platform/support/policy), at the beginning of the release.
> STS releases are released in even-numbered years and LTS releases are releases in odd-numbered years. Patch updates are released monthly. Within a release's support lifecycle, systems must remain current on released patch updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SPA project templates that ship with each ASP.NET Core release reference the latest version of the appropriate SPA framework.
```

> SPA frameworks typically have a shorter release cycle than .NET. Because of the two different release cycles, the supported version of the SPA framework and .NET can get out of sync:
> 
> * The major SPA framework version, that a .NET major release depends on, can go out of support.
> * The .NET version the SPA framework shipped with is still supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SPA frameworks typically have a shorter release cycle than .NET. Because of the two different release cycles, the supported version of the SPA framework and .NET can get out of sync: the major SPA framework version, that a .NET major release depends on, can go out of support, while the .NET version the SPA framework shipped with is still supported.
```
